Update our style guide (#5500)
qmk/qmk_firmware: docs/contributing.md

  * If you not sure if a comment is obvious, go ahead and include it.
* In general we don't wrap lines, they can be as long as needed. If you do choose to wrap lines please do not wrap any wider than 76 columns.
* We use `#pragma once` at the start of header files rather than old-style include guards (`#ifndef THIS_FILE_H`, `#define THIS_FILE_H`, ..., `#endif`)
* We accept both forms of preprocessor if's: `#ifdef DEFINED` and `#if defined(DEFINED)`
  * If you are not sure which to prefer use the `#if defined(DEFINED)` form.
  * Do not change existing code from one style to the other, except when moving to a multiple condition `#if`.
  * Do not put whitespace between `#` and `if`.
  * When deciding how (or if) to indent directives keep these points in mind:
    * Readability is more important than consistency.
    * Follow the file's existing style. If the file is mixed follow the style that makes sense for the section you are modifying.

>     * When choosing to indent you can follow the indention level of the surrounding C code, or preprocessor directives can have their own indent level. Choose the style that best communicates the intent of your code.

Reviewer: Here's the suggestion from Discord:
```suggestion
    * When choosing to indent you can follow the indention level of the surrounding C code, or preprocessor directives can have their own indent level. Choose the style that best communicates the intent of your code.
    * In either case, preprocessor indentation should not introduce additional levels of indentation to actual code. Otherwise, you can end up with code that's very hard to read (see [here](https://gist.github.com/vomindoraan/7934814ef7a6301f4ef1f462df3386df) for an example).
```

  * If you not sure if a comment is obvious, go ahead and include it.
* In general we don't wrap lines, they can be as long as needed. If you do choose to wrap lines please do not wrap any wider than 76 columns.
* We use `#pragma once` at the start of header files rather than old-style include guards (`#ifndef THIS_FILE_H`, `#define THIS_FILE_H`, ..., `#endif`)

> * We accept both forms of pre-processor if's: `#ifdef DEFINED` and `#if defined(DEFINED)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* We accept both forms of preprocessor if's: `#ifdef DEFINED` and `#if defined(DEFINED)`
```
I think “preprocessor” is the common form. I haven't seen it spelled “pre-processor” before.
